sd-branch/README.md, before:

# Tips & Tricks

## Connecting to vmConsole from an ENCS Console

Use a different escape character to connect to ENCS' console that way ^]
```
telnet -e ^Q ENCS_AND_PORT
```

## vBranch CFP Commands

### Checking branch-cpe plan

`show branch-infra:branch-infra-status branch-cpe <NAME> plan`

```
admin@ncs# show branch-infra:branch-infra-status branch-cpe CISCOCXTEST plan
                                                                                                                                       VM
NAME         TYPE        REAL NAME    CPE  PROVIDER  TENANT  IMAGE  FLAVOR  VDU  VDUS  VNFD  VNF  DEVICE                   DEPLOYMENT  GROUP  STATE         STATUS   WHEN                 ref  MESSAGE
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
self         self        CISCOCXTEST  -    -         -       -      -       -    -     -     -    -                        -           -      init          reached  2019-07-09T07:41:33  -
                                                                                                                                              ready         reached  2019-07-09T07:46:27  -
CISCOCXTEST  branch-cpe  CISCOCXTEST  -    admin     -       -      -       -    -     -     -    CISCOCXTEST_ENCS-Secure  -           -      init          reached  2019-07-09T07:41:33  -
                                                                                                                                              pnp-callhome  reached  2019-07-09T07:41:33  -
                                                                                                                                              ready         reached  2019-07-09T07:46:27  -    Ready in secure_overlay mode
```

### Connect to NSO

`ncs_cli -u admin -C`

## NFVIS Commands

### Checking Secure-Overlay

`show secure-overlay`

```
CISCOCXTEST# show secure-overlay
                ACTIVE
                LOCAL   STATE
NAME     STATE  BRIDGE  DETAILS
---------------------------------
mgmtvpn  up     wan-br
```

Commit message:

[feat] Adds service cleanup command

sd-branch/README.md, after:

# Tips & Tricks

## Connecting to vmConsole from an ENCS Console

Use a different escape character to connect to ENCS' console that way ^]
```
telnet -e ^Q ENCS_AND_PORT
```

## vBranch CFP Commands

### Checking branch-cpe plan

`show branch-infra:branch-infra-status branch-cpe <NAME> plan`

```
admin@ncs# show branch-infra:branch-infra-status branch-cpe CISCOCXTEST plan
                                                                                                                                       VM
NAME         TYPE        REAL NAME    CPE  PROVIDER  TENANT  IMAGE  FLAVOR  VDU  VDUS  VNFD  VNF  DEVICE                   DEPLOYMENT  GROUP  STATE         STATUS   WHEN                 ref  MESSAGE
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
self         self        CISCOCXTEST  -    -         -       -      -       -    -     -     -    -                        -           -      init          reached  2019-07-09T07:41:33  -
                                                                                                                                              ready         reached  2019-07-09T07:46:27  -
CISCOCXTEST  branch-cpe  CISCOCXTEST  -    admin     -       -      -       -    -     -     -    CISCOCXTEST_ENCS-Secure  -           -      init          reached  2019-07-09T07:41:33  -
                                                                                                                                              pnp-callhome  reached  2019-07-09T07:41:33  -
                                                                                                                                              ready         reached  2019-07-09T07:46:27  -    Ready in secure_overlay mode
```

### Connect to NSO

`ncs_cli -u admin -C`

### Clean Up of ENCS on NSO

`branch-infra service-cleanup branchcpe <NAME>`

## NFVIS Commands

### Checking Secure-Overlay

`show secure-overlay`

```
CISCOCXTEST# show secure-overlay
                ACTIVE
                LOCAL   STATE
NAME     STATE  BRIDGE  DETAILS
---------------------------------
mgmtvpn  up     wan-br
```
